# @atvise/webmi-react

> React bindings for webmi

## Installation

### create-atvise-app (recommended)

Run `npx create-atvise-app my-app` to create a new react app with webmi all set up.

### Manual installation

These are the steps required to add webmi bindings to your existing react project:

- First install this package and `atvise-scripts` with npm:

  `npm install --save-dev @atvise/webmi-react atvise-scripts`

- Setup `atvise-scripts` with `npx atvise-scripts init`

## Usage

_@atvise/webmi-react_ exports hooks that can be used in functional React components:

```jsx
import { useSubscription } from '@atvise/webmi-react';

/**
 * @example
 * <MyLabel address="AGENT.OBJECTS.test" />
 */
function MyLabel(props) {
  const { loading, data, error } = useSubscription(props.address);

  if (loading) return <i>loading...</i>;
  if (error) return <i>An error ocurred</i>;

  return <p>AGENT.OBJECTS.test currently is: {data.value}</p>;
}
```

## Available hooks

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### useCall

A hook to call a webMI method script.

#### Parameters

- `name` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The method script to call.
- `options` **UseCallOptions&lt;A, R, D>** The options to use. (optional, default `{}`)
  - `options.defaults`
  - `options.onCompleted` (optional, default `noop`)
  - `options.onError` (optional, default `noop`)

Returns **\[UseCallCallback&lt;A, R, D>, UseCallState&lt;R>]**

### useSubscription

A hook that returns the live value of a variable.

#### Parameters

- `address` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The variable's address.

### useValue

A hook that returns a variable's value.

#### Parameters

- `address` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The variable's node id.

## **Upcoming** hooks

- [ ] `useClientVariables()` - Returns logged in user, selected language, ...
- [ ] `useFilterSubscription()` - Subscription hook with filters (using _webMI.data.subscribeFilters_)
- [ ] `useAlarms` - A hook that returns alarms, so it can be used for an alarm list / table

<!-- BEGIN footer -->
<!-- This section is generated, do not edit it! -->

---

This package is part of the [create-atvise-app](https://github.com/atvise/create-atvise-app#readme) project.

Refer to [it's documentation](https://github.com/atvise/create-atvise-app#readme) for more information.

<!-- END footer -->
